>Or she coasts with this exact 2 streams a month tempo forever, eventually fully fading into a background character
If Aqua, Shion, Ayame and others can do it then she can too. Is it great? No, but it'll work. She'll go through phases and sometimes stream a few times in short succession when a game comes out that she actually cares about, other times she'll go two weeks without anything.
>Exactly like those other girls. I think it's just the end state for most holo girls at some point.
>I'm disappointed in the status quo too and I'd wish for so much more but nothing and I mean nothing would make me wish for her to leave. Her leaving would be absolutely terrible, she'd be gone and disappear somewhere into the void of the net and only occasionally resurface where I'd have to share her with HERfags and other garbage while she'd no longer be even close to what Gura was like.
Hell no. If Gura goes then so do I, I've seen what happens to girls more than once now when they leave. It's never ever the same again, everything changes.
>I forgot to cancel my membership today and it renewed and hate my self for that. I will not be renewing next month and will unsub from her as well but hope I will get to use it this time before I go. I hate how she has lied to all of us for over a year. She is no longer wanting to do this job and I'm not going to stick around to watch everything all apart around her. Sorry to whoever this will upset but I have wasted to much time and money on her. I was one of the big paypigs that Hololive had as a whole and don't care if you believe me. after next month I'm done with Hololive and gura is the one that has done it in for me. I wish them the best and hope everything works out for them but all gura has done is showed me that they don't really give a shit. Yes I am a day one member.
>So what, she's only going to come back and stream if its one of the 2 niche games a year she wants to play?
And bury herself in "projects" bullshit otherwise? It hurts to say, but i'd rather she graduate than pull this shit
>hurr you don't love her if you want her to graduate
No, I'd want to divorce my fucking wife if she only showed up twice a month at our house too. Love is conditional, sorry.
>Not just that.
It all started back when she first entered Japan and did a karaoke with Kiara. I realize she was on hiatus but a 30 second voice message to us at any point would of meant the world but instead her voice was good enough to sing with Kiara for hours and had to be leaked by Kiara?
Then the day before her big return stream she appeared unannounced on Kiara's channel. How could she possibly think of doing that while on hiatus? This is Gura's biggest wtf moment of her career. We were waiting months and then she spoils it. If Gura was in the mood to stream she should of moved her own up a day.
She's been baiting stream ideas to members just for nearly all of them to not happen.
Now for the past few weeks she has been able to do collabs that are planned days or even weeks in advanced. Those prove that neither her health or projects are enough of a burden to prevent an occasional stream.
All these things seem targeted at her most diehard fans who just want to be with her.