POST1:
hiya guys--
update, just pushing through many many deadlines and trying not to blow up my voice. summer season prep is heavy this year. and goin back to jp soon is makin me real nervous as well heheuhuho. i gotta practice my drum chops!! 👀
but im so excited for you to see everything. 🫠
my health has not been great and all of my energy has gone towards recordings / learning songs & being genkiMAX at recordings and meetings. small energy battery :c like a coin battery.
i still wanna do movie may, so next weekend we do dat, or maybe the starwars on may4th! i have a collab on may4 i think, or maybe two collabs?? my brain is like a slushie help

POST2:
saved this little something for you--
expect a members stream tonite to get this weekend started! 🐟

POST3:
uuuuu hellorrghrgfdf
i hada  big recording day today, i am absolutely exhausted. but staff was so nice, they prepared so many snacks , like dorayaki, takenoko's , sandwiches, onigiri and traditional sweets and pastires and donuts and MMORE 🤤

im very excited to sleep.
this week was really busy, i did so much idol step
ok my bed time, i hope you're excited for the stream tomorro, isss... cute !!


hi hi
its been a while since I  posted a hello on the members-only side-- HI
 i'm okay, sorry if I have been worrying you :(
 with the down time i've had, I really started to pay close attention to myself/health. like what I can and cannot do, and what i def should/shouldnt do-- that kinda stuff. my fainting spells are one of the things i've been dealing with, i've mentioned that on stream before.      mom threatened to make me wear a bike helmet help

u guys..
i was really nervous but, after getting the OK from my doctor, I've officially traveled to JAPAN. I'M HERE!! 
i'm here for 4th fes training O.O i have stories to tell, and I can't wait to make more memories ;;
[[but im also very overwhelmed and want to hide under my blanket. i celebrated when i managed the courage to walk to the vending machine all by myself]]
i am taking everything day by day, and taking it slow. ...i-i am o-okay 

anyways, I want to return to streaming in february!! before valentines day, 12th maybe? around then
i have so much to talk about im bouta bust
thank u for stickin by me, u da besto
lets have some fun he ah ahehe hihh uhuhu